# Hi, my name is Jasper Conneway
Welcome to my ePortfolio! I am a 2025 undergraduate at SNHU for a B.S. in Computer Science.

### Professional self-assessment
For every course in the Computer Science program, I have submitted the course project to my 
portfolio. These projects ranged from code to papers that provided me with the opportunity to 
learn different languages and data structures, and algorithms. The papers gave me insight into 
a team environment and Agile and Sprint Review. I have learned how important security is when 
it comes to code and PII. I have also learned how to communicate with stakeholders, must be at 
a level they can understand, as they may not have any background in IT.

By completing my coursework throughout the Computer Science program and developing my 
ePortfolio, I have shown how I can learn and do research to solve problems over time. The 
ePortfolio showcases my strengths by depicting the resolve I must complete projects and find 
solutions. Throughout the program, I have been able to determine my career goals and what I 
find enjoyable in an IT career. My capstone provided me with the opportunity to improve my 
previous work and to learn more than I knew before. It allowed me to be more independent, but 
I took advice from my professor. 

The technical artifacts included in my portfolio are the Contact Service project, the Course 
Information Tree, and the Weight Tracker App. The Contact Service project allows the user to 
add, update, view, and delete contacts within a contact service. The Course Information Tree 
parses a file for course information and stores it in course nodes. The Weight Tracker App 
allows users to create an account, log in to an account, and use the app's functionality to 
store their weight. The app home page shows the user their current weight or the most recent 
date of weight. The app also allows users to add new weight and to see their weight calendar. 
I provided the code review I conducted before implementing the enhancements to the projects. 
